Clarify what LogRecordProcessor is able to modify (#3907)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/logs/sdk.md

### ReadWriteLogRecord

ReadWriteLogRecord is a superset of [ReadableLogRecord](#readablelogrecord).

A function receiving this as an argument MUST additionally be able to modify
all the information added via [Emit a LogRecord](bridge-api.md#emit-a-logrecord)

> except `Context`.

Reviewer: @CodeBlanch https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/main/src/OpenTelemetry/Logs/LogRecord.cs#L123 Makes .NET violating this.. Do you recall why we make traceid/spanid settable?

Author: I updated the PR to make traceid/spanid settable. 

Reasons:
- from https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/3902#issuecomment-1969451469
  > I think allowing a processor to do so is aligned with the spirit of the specification"
- I think a processor may get the trace context data from other sources (e.g. attributes) as set it on the record

> A function receiving this as an argument MUST additionally be able to modify
> all the information added via [Emit a LogRecord](bridge-api.md#emit-a-logrecord)
> except `Context`.

Author: @jack-berg Per https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/3902#issuecomment-1969451469 would you prefer to change it to something like this?

```suggestion
A function receiving this as an argument MUST additionally be able to modify
following the information added to the [LogRecord](data-model.md#log-and-event-record-definition):

* `Timestamp`
* `ObservedTimestamp`
* `SeverityText`
* `SeverityNumber`
* `Body`
* `Attributes` (addition, modification, removal)
```

Feel free to simply apply the suggestion if you find it better.

### ReadWriteLogRecord

ReadWriteLogRecord is a superset of [ReadableLogRecord](#readablelogrecord).

A function receiving this as an argument MUST additionally be able to modify
the following information added to the [LogRecord](data-model.md#log-and-event-record-definition):

* `Timestamp`
* `ObservedTimestamp`
* `SeverityText`
* `SeverityNumber`
* `Body`
* `Attributes` (addition, modification, removal)
* `TraceId`
* `SpanId`

> * `TraceFlags`

Author: Done https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/3907/commits/d871902454e0586148edbbbe3d358d8c04d20400
